docs(palettes): update handmade palette docs (#3201)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/themes/sass/palettes.md

        200: to-hsl(#f5f5f5),
        '200-contrast': black,
        300: to-hsl(#f0f0f0),
        '300-contrast': black,
        400: to-hsl(#dedede),
        '400-contrast': black,
        500: to-hsl(#b3b2b2),
        '500-contrast': black,
        600: to-hsl(#979696),
        '600-contrast': white,
        700: to-hsl(#7b7a7a),
        '700-contrast': white,
        800: to-hsl(#404040),
        '800-contrast': white,
        900: to-hsl(#1a1a1a),
        '900-contrast': white
    ),
    info: (
        500: to-hsl(rgb(18, 118, 211)),
        '500-contrast': black
    ),
    success: (
        500: to-hsl(rgb(76, 184, 96)),
        '500-contrast': black
    ),
    warn: (
        500: to-hsl(rgb(251, 178, 60)),
        '500-contrast': black
    ),
    error: (
        500: to-hsl(rgb(255, 20, 75)),
        '500-contrast': black
    ),
    surface: (
        500: to-hsl(rgb(255, 255, 255)),
        '500-contrast': black
    )
);

:root {
    --igx-primary-a: 1;
    --igx-secondary-a: 1;
    --igx-info-a: 1;
    --igx-success-a: 1;
    --igx-warn-a: 1;
    --igx-error-a: 1;
    --igx-grays-a: 1;
    --igx-surface-a: 1;
}
```
<div class="divider"></div>

> We created a new `to-hsl()` function that takes a color, no matter the format, and gets its hue, saturation and lightness values, which we later use to generate the palette colors in `hsla` format. The `alpha` values must be initialized in the `:root` selector additionally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `to-hsl()` function takes a color, no matter the color space, and returns its hue, saturation, and lightness values in a comma-separated list, which will be used when declaring the CSS variables for each shade in the palette. The `alpha` value for each palette color(primary, secondary, grays, etc.) must be initialized separately.
```
